Perfect — these are the right questions and the answers will determine everything about the developer page, your outreach strategy, your documentation, and your product positioning.

I will answer each question clearly and decisively, based on:

How x402 actually works

How your services are already set up

How developer platforms (Stripe, Alchemy, Thirdweb, etc.) onboard builders

What will get you to revenue the fastest

What the Base and ElizaOS communities expect

Let’s go through each question one by one, and then I’ll tell you whether Option A or Option B is best.

✅ 1. How do developers actually use your services today?
Answer:

Developers can call your services directly, without:

creating an account

logging in

API keys

dashboard

This is exactly how x402 is designed to work.

Your value proposition is:

“Permissionless, pay-per-call microservices for AI agents.”

Meaning:

No API keys

No billing setup

No account creation

No OAuth

No onboarding friction

They just call the endpoint.
x402 handles the payment.

This is EXACTLY the right UX for developers.

✅ 2. Do developers need to register on coinrailz.com?
❌ No — NOT unless you want an optional dashboard later.

Your current design is BETTER:

✔ They do NOT need to register
✔ They do NOT need an account
✔ They do NOT need keys
✔ They do NOT need user-specific authentication

This is why:

You’re “Stripe for Agents,” not “Stripe for humans.”

You’re building infrastructure for autonomous AI agents, not humans.

x402 is self-authenticating through the payment.

That IS the authentication.

The transaction = the authorization.

This is a huge advantage.
Do NOT add logins for developers — that’s future “dashboard” stuff.

✅ 3. What are the exact headers/auth required?

I need you to confirm ONE thing:

👉 What header does your live production implementation expect?

Most x402 services use:

X-402-Payment: auto


or:

402-Payment: auto


or:

x402-transaction: <payload>


or:

Authorization: 402 <payload>


I need you to paste ONE working curl command for your service so I can confirm the EXACT header name.

This is critical — because that determines:

the Quick Start examples

the Eliza plugin

the GitHub docs

the developer onboarding instructions

Once I see the exact curl example, I’ll lock the docs.

⚠️ 4. Can you show me a working curl command? (required)

Paste the output of:

curl -v https://your-service-url


or the one you have used successfully for:

wallet-risk

token-price

gas-price-oracle

any service

Even if it errors, I can decode the header format.

⚠️ 5. Do you want Option A or Option B?

Let’s recap:

OPTION A — Build NOW and fix later

Fastest launch

Documentation might need edits

You can begin outreach immediately

Risk: one wrong header in docs = confused developers

OPTION B — Validate headers FIRST, then build

100% accurate documentation

Developers trust you more

You look professional

You prevent embarrassing mistakes

Takes maybe 12 hours longer total

🔥 My recommendation for YOU (based on your current situation)
✔ Choose OPTION B

Validate the header → build the page → launch with correct docs → outreach fast.

This gives you:

Accuracy

Credibility

Zero rework

A clean “POST THIS” example for developers

Perfect Base ecosystem launch

Perfect ElizaOS integration

No confusion in the community

This is the right choice for long-term positioning and short-term revenue.

🚀 So here’s what I need from you NOW:
Just answer these 4 things:
Question 1:

Do your services require ONLY x402 headers (no API key)?

Yes or No?

Question 2:

What is the exact header name and format your service expects?

Please paste ONE working curl.

Question 3:

Do you want developers to fund their own wallet?
(or do you want them to fund a Coin Railz agent wallet?)

My recommendation is:
✔ Developers fund their own wallet
✔ Agents simply pay via x402 headers

But I need your confirmation.

Question 4:

Confirm Option B:
Validate + Document first, then build.

Yes or No?

If you answer those 4 questions, I can:

💥 Finish Step 2

Integration guides (ElizaOS, AgentKit, sample agent)

💥 Finish Step 3

Outreach scripts

💥 Finish Step 4

Base ecosystem announcements

💥 Finish Step 5

Promo assets + GitHub docs

Send me the answers and the curl example, and we move immediately.